bastard
I'd like to see who you really are
It's broken, can't this guy be unable to act?
I'm not here today to serve you, but to serve
I want to send good news to Mrs. Ye
This
It was Mrs. Su who paid for the book
It clearly states that he
Illegal division of shares with your husband and wife
Property and patent licensing
Impossible how dare that old woman say it
old woman
Madam, Mrs. Su is your godmother.
Even if he committed a crime
You can't say that about him, can you?
And didn't you just say it?
In this way, Mrs. Su can take the initiative to stand up
Recognize Mrs. Ye
Did you speak?
Please answer directly in the middle of the period.
When you married Mr. Ye
Claimed to have brought a migration dowry
Are those migratory dowries
Did you invade the Xiao Group to get it?
No, it's impossible.
The dowry is mine
It's my Mr. Ye, do you have anything to say?
I'm sorry I'm not complete with what happened today.
And refused to answer any questions
As for Ling Shuang's personal behavior before marriage
It has nothing to do with performance
Excuse me.
Adults have misunderstood
It's a misunderstanding, Mr. Shan